We have none other than the chair and
CEO Jane Frasier. Thanks so much for
having us.
>> Well, we're delighted to have Bloomberg
here. Thank you very much for joining
our conference.
>> So, what do you hope to get out of this
and when talking to all your guests and
your clients uh and to understand a
little bit more uh about the China
market, which you know very well, but
we're coming out of a bruising trade
war. We're not even out of it yet,
right? Some say it's a truce. Uh not
necessarily a lasting piece. What have
been your takeaway so far?
I think what's interesting this time at
this conference is that it's moved away
from a China for China story and instead
we have had huge interests and a large
number of investors and companies coming
to China to understand what is happening
here as well as the Chinese companies
and investors that are looking much more
externally now. So that really feels
like a sea change here. That's pretty
exciting. How do you serve your clients
against the backdrop of two governments
that are trying to derisk if not
decouple?
>> Look, I I I think the the recent truce
um has brought some much needed and
welcome um stability here. I think we
we're in a position now for both sides
that wanted to have a period now where
we can just we can move ahead uh and
have uh have a a more stable
relationship between between both of
them is transactional um but uh it's in
both both sides interests and we see our
client base navigating this well.
>> Yeah. What what's your vision for the
China as the China market as it folds
into your overall restructuring plan as
well? You're now chair and CEO. First
time that those two roles have been
joined in a couple of decades. Clear
mandate to carry out your vision going
forward. What does that look like when
you did exit your consumer banking
business here like you did in many
markets around the world? You also sold
your retail wealth management portfolio
to HSBC. you got out of an investment
bank JV with Orient Securities I believe
and you have an outstanding license
application for your wholly owned JV in
securities.
>> So City has been in China for for 124
years. We have a a landmark building um
here in Shanghai and what we have done
is focused our strategy and grown. Um we
are following our international clients
around the world. We're seeing them with
renewed interest uh and focus in China
as we talked about and then we're seeing
the Chinese companies innovating at pace
um and also looking at expanding
internationally. So, we've been growing
rapidly here with a more focused
strategy um and it is it is the power of
clarity um and renewed purpose in the
firm.
>> Now, before this interview started, you
really countered what I said is you're
pulling back a little bit from China.
That's not at all. You're adding
headcount. How come what what are your
headcount numbers when we we get
headlines that your IT department maybe
3,500 jobs are going to be moving
elsewhere and this and that? You pulled
back from retail 3 or four years ago.
>> Yeah. I I think you're getting the story
wrong.
>> Good. Good. That's why we
>> city is on the city is on the front
foot. Um we are innovating. Um we are
growing. We're helping support our
clients. Our clients are both building
resiliency and they are reinventing
themselves with all the technological
changes. That is no different in China
than it is in other parts of the world.
So, um, no, this is this is a firm with
clarity of purpose, with clarity of
direction. We know where we're headed,
and we're really delivering strong
progress. So, I I'm excited by the
upside that we have. I'm excited about
the progress we're making, and I see it
here on the ground in in China. If we
think we move away from some of the it
just headwinds that we all know about on
consumer spending and on the property
market you look behind that here in
China it's a manufacturing powerhouse
what are we seeing 50% of all robotic
companies in the world are here in China
um China is writing the next chapter of
its economy around advanced
manufacturing around innovation as well
as more Chinese companies expanding
internationally. Um, and we're both
serving 70% of the Fortune 500 that are
here in China, as well as serving the
Chinese companies locally, um, tap into
global markets.
>> So, how does that equate to what the
deal flow you see? V, who's the head of
global banking, who we talked to a
couple of hours ago, extremely bullish
on the amount of deal flows going into
2026. What kind of crossber with China
do you see?
>> Look, I think we're seeing new corridors
opening up. um and the scale of
ambitions not just in China but in Asia
are higher than we see really in in many
other parts of the world. So in these
new corridors we're seeing the Middle
East connecting with Asia. Um for the
GCC, you know, they were expecting Asia
to be its largest trading partner by
next year. Like that's an entirely new
set of flows in the last 5 years.
Brazil's connection into Asia and into
China. Again, very robust. Um, their
major partners. So, you know, the world
is changing rapidly. It's adding new
corridors. It's adding new flows. It's
adding new wealth. Um, and scale is the
name of the game.
>> What will be your strategy with wealth
management? you got out of as I said the
the the retail portion of your wealth u
management was sold to HSBC but you're
going to be the onore here but you're
going to do a lot of it from Hong Kong
and Singapore right
>> so city is city is focused um
internationally not on um not on retail
banking we are focused on serving
clients who have crossborder needs that
is a very vibrant um
segment of clients think of individuals
um that are driving um the mid-market
market companies are growing
internationally. We think of the world's
uh billionaires and wealthy um that need
access to global markets and then we
obviously think of investors and
corporations doing so. Um there's a lot
of engine of growth.
It's going to be 50% of all of the new
high netw worth households created in
the next 3 years will be created here in
Asia. So our focus is on what is the
wealth proposition for those as well as
supporting the companies and the engines
of growth behind them.
>> So what kind of hiring is going to be
needed in this part of the world, not
necessarily China but the rest of Asia
at a time when we're also seeing
corporate America as they invest heavily
into AI, they've had to pull back on
hiring and jobs have been cut. It
>> it's a it's a great question. I think AI
is certainly changing a lot of what
we're expecting. we're going to need in
the world going forward. So from city's
point of view, for example, um we see
this as an opportunity to really train
up our talent. How do we empower our
talent to use the AI tools so they can
be smarter in front of clients? They can
spend more time um serving clients um
and coming up with solutions as opposed
to the more um chore elements um of
being a banker. Um we don't know how
quickly it's going to change, Steve. So
there'll be certainly a lot of shift in
coding jobs. We've seen that already.
Our productivity is up 9% year-over-year
for our coding teams, but there's going
to be new jobs created, too. Um none of
us quite know yet exactly how the timing
will play out and we know there's a lot
of change ahead of that, but um our
approach is we're going to invest in our
talent. our firm is growing and that
should be able to support the needs
going forward.
>> You you mentioned the Middle East. I
think you just came back from Riad. Uh
you're co-chair of the US uh uh Saudi
Business Council, I believe. This also
very bullish on India. Magnificent
opportunity there.
>> He's biased.
>> Might be a little bit biased maybe. Uh
but again, what do you hope to get from
those markets as it fits into your
restructuring plan and the vision that
you just talked about?
>> I know we the the growth plans that we
have going forward cuz we we are we are
on the front foot. I cannot stress that
enough and you can see it in our
results. So all of our businesses, we're
taking share. We're growing uh very
quickly. Um and uh our returns are
improving. So as we're looking forward,
it's growth. Let's take India. Um, city
is larger in India today. We are the
largest foreign firm by revenues in
India. Um, when I look at Korea, we
where I was just at, that's another
market where we were the first foreign
bank to open the doors in Korea. Um, and
we have a a very strong position there
supporting multinationals and clients.
So as I look around the world, it's
becoming um more focused on
diversification.
There is also a focus on reinvention.
What we are doing is helping provide the
strategic advice. We're helping provide
the financing and structuring and
arranging that. And we're also helping
manage the supply chain reconfiguration.
We're helping with the hedging in
foreign exchange interest rates because
volatility is a feature. It's not a bug
of this system. through your
restructuring you had to get rid of the
retail side and there's are there other
areas that you would like to divest I
know
>> you have the wrong story is about
growing we're very clear foot forward
we're very clear on our strategy and
we're moving onwards
>> I only ask because again the Russia
situation is a little bit different
probably than your overall strategy we
just got uh word that Vladimir Putin
approved the sale to Renaissance Capital
of your bank in Russia probably
something that you've been wanting to do
for a while but was held back.
>> Uh we have been winding down as as many
uh many companies have been the
franchise in Russia. Um we were waiting
for the final approval to be able to
sell. We've got a couple more to go um
to Renaissance, but it's it's a tiny
it's a tiny business. So it's uh in the
grand scheme of where city is, where
we're investing, and what we're doing.
Um it will be good to get that done but
uh it it's not uh it's not critical to
the firm's strategy going forward.
>> Let's talk about the outlook in the
United States right now as we head into
2026. We saw the market reaction
overnight simply we're seeing that the
Fed's equation uh that the bets for a
possible easing coming up and now 50/50
or tilt below that because of the
spectre of inflation. What is your
outlook for Fed action going into the
new year and the spectre of inflation
rising? Uh, look, I I I don't think
we're out of the woods yet, and there's
a sense that there may be another shoe
to drop. It could be in tariffs or in
the labor market. It could be in the
asset prices that are quite high in the
states. But all of that said, we're
quite optimistic about 26. And the
challenge for the Fed right now is with
the government shutdown, you know, we
all have a darth of up to-ate data which
we could do with. It's hard to make
these calls of exactly what's going on
um whilst we're waiting for the
information. Um but but as we look
further out into next year, I think the
resiliency of the corporate balance
sheets, the strength, companies uh
leaning in to innovation, investing in
AI, you know, there is um I think the
doomsdayers will be proven wrong.
>> We're a couple months out now from when
we had concerns rise about I think there
was one atricolor, the the auto subprime
auto lender. There were failures. uh
there was concerns about non-performing
loans. What what does your balance sheet
look like as far as that and where is
your worries lie?
>> You know, I our balance sheet is
pristine. Um and but I think part of
that is because it's it's very heavily
uh investment grade on the corporate
side. Uh we're over 80% investment grade
globally. Um and when we look at the
consumer side, it's about uh 86% prime.
So you tend to, you know, we tend to see
the most resilient, healthiest parts of
the economy on the balance sheet. All of
that said, we haven't seen a thing that
is concerning us. The consumer in the
states is being fiscally responsible.
Um, companies have been building up some
more cash um either for a rainy day if
it proves necessary, but most of them
for investment. Um, and they're, you
know, they're acting from a position of
strength. We'll keep an eye on the labor
market. Um we'll keep an eye on some of
the areas of mid-tier players in private
credit and the like, but as far as we're
concerned that second third order
effects and the the banks uh the bank's
not seeing anything that we're worried
about.
>> Are you concerned by what some say maybe
bubble forming in AI? We talked about
the advantages of AI, but
>> how much of a bubble or overheating? I
I'm not sure if we're just in the in
with a lot of our tech clients and the
West Coast. I I don't think anyone was
ready to say that it's a full-on A-high
bubble, but no one is no one is saying
that there are um some real pockets of
uh let's call it the British
understatement frothiness in the market.
It's more around the edges. Um what I
found interesting is we can see a lot of
the uh demand for the infrastructure
build that's going in in AI and the
energy for the next couple of years. You
know where you saw some opinions diverge
was in the 3 to 5 year period could we
be in danger of overbuilding but no
one's feeling that for the big
investments that are going on at the
moment for the next couple of years. So
I think on that one um some certainly
some pockets of frothiness there on the
valuations but the the core
infrastructure investments um are
important and um as we're seeing in our
own bank and I think many companies are
we'll start getting some of the
productivity benefits coming through but
the scale yeah
>> the scale and the pace of investment is
uh unprecedented that is for sure
>> Jane Fraser thanks so much
>> thank you
>> hope you don't mind me playing the
devil's advocate. I have the story
straight now. Thanks. Good.
>> [laughter]